"
'
:
FOLLOW_DUMMY
advance      ad*vance
alias        al*ias
board        bo*ard
brief        br*ief
bug          bu*g
call         cal*l
cast         cas*t
cat          cat
cd           cd
chfn         ch*fn
clone        cl*one
cols         col*s
commands     com*mands
consider     cons*ider
converse     conv*erse
cost         co*st
cp           cp
cre          cre
cre!         cre!
creator      crea*tor
data         da*ta
describe     desc*ribe
destruct     dest*ruct
dirs         dir*s
discard      dis*card
dnickname    dn*ickname
drop         dr*op
du           du
dump         dum*p
earmuffs     ear*muffs
east         e/east
eat          ea*t
echo         echo
echoall      echoa*ll
echoto       echot*o
ed           ed
email        ema*il
emote        emo*te
equip        eq*uip
examine      exa*mine
exec         exe*c
finger       fin*ger
fix          fix
follow       follow
followup     followu*p
force        for*ce
gauge        ga*uge
get          ge*t
give         gi*ve
glance       gl*ance
goto         go*to
grep         gr*ep
heart_beat   hea*rt_beat
help         hel*p
hide         hid*e
history      his*tory
hold         hol*d
home         home
homedir      homed*ir
i            i
idea         id*ea
indent       ind*ent
info         inf*o
inv          inv
inventory    inventory
invis        invi*s
join         jo*in
judge        ju*dge
kill         k*ill
last         la*st
le           le
load         loa*d
localcmd     loc*alcmd
look         l*ook
lose         los*e
ls           ls
lsay         lsa*y
make         ma*ke
mkdir        mk*dir
monitor      mon*itor
more         mor*e
mv           mv
netstat      net*stat
new          new
new_domain   new_domain
new_line     new_*line
next         nex*t
nickname     ni*ckname
noforce      nof*orce
north        n/orth
nosoul       nos*oul
passwd       passwd
password     passwo*rd
pathof       pat*hof
people       pe*ople
post         po*st
prev         pr*ev
promote      promote
put          pu*t
pwd          pw*d
qpeople      qp*eople
quit         quit
read         read
rearrange    rear*range
refresh      refresh
remove       rem*move
reply        rep*ly
restart      res*tart
review       re*view
rgrep        rg*rep
rm           rm
rmdir        rmd*ir
rows         ro*ws
save         sav*e
say          say
score        sc*ore
search       sea*rch
setmin       setmi*n
setmmin      setmmi*n
setmmout     setmmo*ut
setmout      setmmi*n
shadows      sha*dows
shout        sho*ut
shout!       shout!
shutdown     shutdown
sk           sk
skills       ski*lls
sneak        sne*ak
snoopers     sno*oopers
soul         so*ul
south        s/south
spells       spe*lls
splash       spl*ash
stat         sta*t
stop         stop
store        stor*e
su           su
tail         tai*l
take         tak*e
tell         tel*l
term         term
terms        terms
trace        trace
traceprefix  tracep*refix
trans        tran*s
typo         ty*po
unalias      una*lias
unfollow     unf*ollow
update       upd*ate
upgrade      upg*rade
verbose      ve*rbose
vis          vi*s
wear         we*ar
west         w/est
whereis      whe*reis
whisper      whi*sper
who          who
wield        wie*ld
wimpy        wim*py
wizlist      wiz*list
write        wr*ite
